I want to start with these two buttons and I want to get rid of them for not authenticated.
So in place item which is where we have these buttons we're interested in the context.
So here use context and then let's import the of context from shared context of context and ask before
create our off object here by using used context and listening to off context.
So now we have access to the off context here in place item we can now use that here to control our
buttons not these buttons though these buttons here edit and delete and I want to make sure that only
if off is logged in is true I am able to see these buttons.
So the edit button is only visible in that case and the same here.
Only if all is logged in is true we should be able to see the delete button.
Hence if I save that and just reload you see I don't see the buttons.
If I now log in though like this and I go to a place I see them.
So that's nice.
Now it would also be nice to have a logout button so for Dad we can go to NAV links and add one here
maybe at the very end of the unordered list.
I will check if off is locked in is a thing because a logout button only makes sense if we are logged
in.
And in that case I'll add a new list item here with a button in it.
Actually a regular but now of course you maybe created your own solution here.
I'll go for a regular button and on this button I'll have a caption of log out and I'll point a click
I want to trigger off log out I'll not execute it here.
Instead I'd just point at it so that when the button is clicked this is executed with that if we saved
as you can log in here and now we have to log out button here with some default styling because of the
CSA s which already is set up there.
When we click that we are logged out.
Now let's see if we also are redirected.
If I'm on ADD place and a click log out.
Yeah I'm back to authenticate.
So this all seems to work just fine.
And of course it's not the full real final log inflow yet there is more we will have to manage there
but for the moment this will do and deserves a good introduction to react to building a full app with
react.
And now also to how you can manage app wide state in react with help of the context feature.